welcome to Amy learns to cook on the
show today we're gonna make scrambled
eggs now I know what you're saying
scrambled eggs I've been making
scrambled eggs my entire life well I
have a few tips and tricks for you that
will take your scrambled eggs over the
top now this video is dedicated to my
good friend Charlie thanks for the
suggestion Charlie and I really
appreciate your support and your
subscription so let's make scrambled
eggs
[Music]
okay so the first thing we're going to
do is crack six eggs into this bowl and
we're going to be feeding three people
with this but make some breakfast
burritos out of this so we're going to
go ahead and crack our eggs make sure
you don't get any shells in it and we're
just gonna beat these it's really good
now you want to beat them so they're
fully beaten because sometimes I don't
beat them enough and then when you cook
it you have a lot of white and yolk and
they're separate so you really want to
make sure if you beat them up really
good so the white and the yolk is
thoroughly incorporated okay now it's
time to cook them how you cook your
scrambled eggs will really dictate how
they come out at the end so my problem
in the past is I love salsa so I would
take my scrambled eggs and I would put
salsa in it and then I would cook it and
what happens is is it's way too watery
it takes too long to cook and they come
out gray and muddy looking so the best
thing to do is to cook your scrambled
eggs in a low temperature pan by
themselves and whatever you're going to
want to put with it put it on top don't
put it inside here because you're just
going to end up with eggs that aren't
yellow and fluffy looking so we have the
pan on probably a three and a half and
we're gonna put a little bit of butter
in here it is a nonstick pan but we want
the flavor of the butter in with our
eggs
and one of the keys to really good
scrambled eggs is to cook them really
low and the way you stir them really
will create fluffy eggs if you over stir
it your eggs will just look flat so I'll
show you what I mean so we're going to
take our beaten eggs and we're going to
put them in the pan and put them in here
slowly now my first instinct is to start
scrambling them right but all that does
is result in a bunch of curds that are
all broken up and that's why you get
that flat look to them what you want to
do is you want them to start cooking and
as they're cooking you're going to draw
up the cook part of the eggs towards the
middle and you're going to turn the pan
and let the liquid go to the side and
that cooks and watch what happens they
come out really really fluffy looking so
we're just going to let this set up we
have it on low heat and we're just going
to let it set up really slowly ok so now
if you can see this the curds are
starting to develop so what we're going
to do is we're just going to take our
spatula and we're going to pull them in
like this and what happens is the cooked
egg is going to move in and the liquid
egg is going to move out and these are
going to result in a fluffy look to our
eggs
and when the Kurds start setting up they
start setting up pretty quickly so you
just keep pulling them away as they cook
and you let the liquid take the spot of
the cooked egg
so fold them over on itself a little bit
to cook the interior of the egg but you
don't want to stir it too much because
it's just going to break them up and
they're going to look flat now what you
want to do is you want to avoid cooking
them too much and they're browning
because they're just tough that way so
just fold them over on yourself just
like this and you will get nice
beautiful fluffy eggs you want to take
them out of the pan just prior to them
being totally cooked because they will
cook a little bit on the plate to the
plate
just like that and we're gonna give it a
little bit of salt and a little grind of
pepper if you don't want black specks in
it use some white pepper I don't mind
that so I'm gonna give them just a
little grind of pepper and now we can
take a taste okay so let's take a taste
I put a little bit of salsa on the side
because I like the flavor of salsa hmm
it's really really good these are not my
scrambled eggs from days gone by that
they're flat they're gray looking
they're watery
these are fluffy and they're the salt
and pepper is great the salsa is a great
addition they're not overcooked they're
soft they're fluffy they're perfect if
you like this recipe please try it out
and give me a comment below and visit my
website and Amie learns to cook calm and
don't forget to subscribe because
there's more videos on the way we're
also on Twitter at twitter.com slash Amy
learns to cook
I would say these Rambo leaves are
pretty good they're not rubbery and they
definitely look pretty and all that so
I've killed my thumbs up
well after two or three minutes they
still taste good
[Music]